no special company team of the year
so we went to try to
pick these three players out there who are
so xavi franck ribery and iniesta so
here we go
I hope we will have a lot more
chances that the first episode that
frankly was really very very bad
first pack the vega I hope we'll have
heavy
we believe in it we believe it is moment or
never frankly with the packs
problem of players in addition is what we
will have heavy
agree super fucking that's not true
pizzaro and I fancy pizzaro two
for the price of a super miranda wahaha
the aisles what are they going to us
give
what are they going to give us okay ok
so we had cambiasso herman and
Bernardo who
no use of who is not fast brief
again shit begs you for a
good map at least one I know
not
wellington river hennanes well go
say we'll say you'll take me
for a crazy me I'll tell you this is
not too bad this pack so much so
I was worse we will be satisfied
this is the moment or never frankly
fred fred fred ok fred I got
four rare players is still
quite rare
tioté cambrai see and a little arian
also okay let's say that the each
player will have the credit winds that's
it's always that and the rest we had
not much
what
What is that
I hope I have something in the
duplicate because there we agree
berriane all white no but serious
but I would like to stop
sorry guys but that's true but if
these controls each time no but
it's not possible to seriously
not complain but here at the end of a
moment frankly I have I start to
to be fed up do not have good
players
are you gonna go gonna go
please please
please
next go valencia ok me I'm going to you
to say it's going to be the best player that
I 've been hitting since these openings
easter of totti for naming m
we will pass valencia at the top of the list
and then we'll see in the end what
best player will have one
then the rest is basic we'll say
good it's already not bad
we're going to say we're gonna go gonna
go go go go go go go the
hall and the falco stopped i t'en
begs two months of heavy burden
his load these moments is the moment
watts no diego alves jackson
remy three good players ok but level
credit it's not going to me huawei frankly
no please please if he
please please if you
please please the hall and no
but seriously i feel like it's going to be a
real joke luck to be a real
joke
shaqiri what ohlala but that i'm going
sell sami credit my tickets ps what
and he still plays and at what age
damn he soon created the place of 38
years old anyway see the rest
again a new pack well useless on
will say I do not think I believe it very disappointed
for good moment ben macherano mcgeady
Begovic
we start to hit a big player we go
to say a mach irano 4-4-2 general with
khalil martinez and the best one knows
more to catch at the moment during the
first episode of course what I have
never luck at this moment I ask
that I 'm honest I can I ask
that you guys are disappointed because
that I'm going to have some shit again
times but but here at solar weiden
but vault louis patricio I am
sorry but it's not steps
like that I want yeah okay
weiden flowers be what 1500 Kabul
it's the same we'll say yeah that's
better than the previous step we can
always believe
after all we say that each and every time
opening but actually
it will not change I think though
there I always because I had in
the pack
we're going to be okay
roque callejón but still if you
please frankly please
give me something I beg
you beg there went there fucking
are not greenonghen fucking con dia is
there but it's not true I do not like it full
guys but here I am exhausted
frankly I have that shit said
the object of shit
tell me in the comments that I have
shit
tell me seriously that but
seriously carrasso to echoes
it's the last one we can always
pray we will have nothing but slab I think very
all
hurry we'll say I think I'll do
believe 15 easter not even I said everything
that shit it's not one more that
will change something
this is barzagli stalls at 84.2 general on
tipi often put credit am sorry but
to by not convinced that it will
open
though albeit okay jordi
alba
I do not know how much it costs but I think
that with valencia he must pretty much
be worth the same price
so here's the guys that's the end of this
small pack opening for part 2 so
for circles I hope it has you
not too disappointed that I had shit
once again in any case me it was me
disappointed but really disgusted but something
crazy
in any case if you remembered me
do not hesitate to bombard me this bar
of gems
there have been more of I believe there have been more
of 75 I like about the first episode a
is a pleasure to try
to reach where even or even
maybe more to really enjoy yourself
for to support me for the last
last opening not that we will say so
for the attackers and after I would like
probably packs to his credit if
will have so here it is on this
do not hesitate to tell me about
comments to tell me if you have
had mud under which this was it
razak by everyone